# K256

The K256 guest library uses [`openvm-ecc-guest`](../custom-extensions/ecc.md) to provide elliptic curve operations over the Secp256k1 curve. It is intended as a patch for the [`k256`](https://crates.io/crates/k256) rust crate and can be swapped in for accelerated signature verification usage. Note that signing from a private key is not supported. 


## Example program

See a working example [here](https://github.com/openvm-org/openvm/blob/main/examples/ecc/src/main.rs).

To use the K256 guest library, add the following dependencies to `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
openvm-algebra-guest = { git = "https://github.com/openvm-org/openvm.git" }
openvm-ecc-guest = { git = "https://github.com/openvm-org/openvm.git" }
openvm-k256 = { git = "https://github.com/openvm-org/openvm.git", package = "k256" }
```

The guest library provides a `Secp256k1Coord`, which represents a field element on the coordinate field of Secp256k1, and a `Secp256k1Point`, which represents an Secp256k1 elliptic curve point.

The K256 guest library handles the "Declare" phase described in [Optimizing Modular Arithmetic](../custom-extensions/overview.md#optimizing-modular-arithmetic). The consuming guest program is responsible for running the "Init" phase via `openvm::init!()`.

```rust,no_run,noplayground
{{ #include ../../../examples/ecc/src/main.rs:imports }}
{{ #include ../../../examples/ecc/src/main.rs:init }}
```

`moduli_init!` is called for both the coordinate and scalar field because they were declared in the `k256` module, although we will not be using the scalar field below.

With the above we can start doing elliptic curve operations like adding points:

```rust,no_run,noplayground
{{ #include ../../../examples/ecc/src/main.rs:main }}
```

### Config parameters

For the guest program to build successfully, all used moduli and curves must be declared in the `.toml` config file in the following format:

```toml
[app_vm_config.modular]
supported_moduli = ["115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007908834671663", "115792089237316195423570985008687907852837564279074904382605163141518161494337"]

[[app_vm_config.ecc.supported_curves]]
struct_name = "Secp256k1Point"
modulus = "115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007908834671663"
scalar = "115792089237316195423570985008687907852837564279074904382605163141518161494337"
a = "0"
b = "7"
```

The `supported_moduli` parameter is a list of moduli that the guest program will use. As mentioned in the [algebra extension](../custom-extensions/algebra.md) chapter, the order of moduli in `[app_vm_config.modular]` must match the order in the `moduli_init!` macro.

The `ecc.supported_curves` parameter is a list of supported curves that the guest program will use. They must be provided in decimal format in the `.toml` file. For multiple curves create multiple `[[app_vm_config.ecc.supported_curves]]` sections. The order of curves in `[[app_vm_config.ecc.supported_curves]]` must match the order in the `sw_init!` macro.
Also, the `struct_name` field must be the name of the elliptic curve struct created by `sw_declare!`.
In this example, the `Secp256k1Point` struct is created in `openvm_ecc_guest::k256`.

